[Doc] Replace fields of xxx by xxx field (#1599)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/vector.rst

Declaration
-----------

As global vector fields

> +++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Reviewer: Please fix al the size issues, **not only here**:
```suggestion
++++++++++++++++++++++++
```

Author: It's my fault, sorry.

.. function:: ti.Vector.field(n, dtype, shape = None, offset = None)

    :parameter n: (scalar) the number of components in the vector
    :parameter dtype: (DataType) data type of the components
    :parameter shape: (optional, scalar or tuple) shape of the vector field, see :ref:`tensor`
    :parameter offset: (optional, scalar or tuple) see :ref:`offset`

>     For example, this creates a ``5x4`` vector field which has a 3 component vector on each entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, this creates a ``5x4`` vector field composed of 3 component vector:
```
Concern: will the term 3D fields overlaps 3D vectors?
How about: 3D fields and 3 component vectors?
Thoughts? @yuanming-hu @Rullec

Author: Thanks for this reminder. Would you please explain what are you referring to by "3D fields and 3 component vectors"?
Basically It's not very easy to describate the shape of a "vector field", because we usually both need to specify the shape of the field part and the shape of its vector.

Reviewer 2: @Rullec, here is an example that may help you understand what @archibate  referred to as '3d field':
Take the  3d lid-driven flow as an easy example. The computational domain is a discrete 3d space, and on each node, we can have a 3d-vector (ux,uy,uz) for the velocity and a scalar for pressure P. Let's assume the shape is '10x10x10'. In this case, we have a 3d-vector field of the shape of '10x10x10' and a scalar pressure field(of the same shape).

@archibate, I don't see any confusion about the overlapping '3d prefix'. But if you are concerned about describing precisely, I would suggest we **never describe the dimension of the field shape, instead, add 'of the shape of axbxc' as a postfix**, because **the field dimension does not always correspond to the space dimension** and can become very misleading.

Commonly seen in FEM, you import an external mesh with a very complicated 3d shape. It's preferable to merely create 1d fields with the same length as the number of nodes to store values. The shape of the field no longer represents the dimension of the space.

Author: Thanks for your reply! It is a very outstanding example that makes me understand it at once. :)
I would leave this problem here, until we can come to a conclusion!

Reviewer 2: I would suggest here, but it's up to you to decide :>

```suggestion
    For example, this creates a 3-d vector field of the shape of ``5x4``:
```

>     For example, this creates a 3-d vector field of the shape of ``5x4``:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For example, this creates a 3-D vector field of the shape of ``5x4``:
```

    ::

        # Python-scope
        a = ti.Vector.field(3, dtype=ti.f32, shape=(5, 4))

.. note::

>     In Python-scope, ``ti.field`` declares :ref:`scalar_tensor`, while ``ti.Vector.field`` declares vector fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In Python-scope, ``ti.field`` declares a :ref:`scalar_tensor`, while ``ti.Vector.field`` declares a vector field.
```

Also, are we modifying the term 'scalar_tensor' into 'scalar_field' in another repo? :> so we don't have to correct here?

Author: Thanks for this suggestion! We have modified all tensor -> field in previous PR. Honesely, here the `scalar_tensor` is a filename, If I rename it to `scalar_field` it would cause a quite big changeset which maybe we dislike.

Hopefully this rename work can be done later, HDYT?

Reviewer 2: No problem, just want to know if someone is on this. :> great job!

Reviewer: How about rename `scalar_tensor` to just `field`? IIRC `ti.Vector.field` is also based on `ti.field`'s so the name `field.rst` is OK for simplicity.

Author: Thanks for your suggestion! Just now I take a brief look at `scalar_tensor.rst`, it seems that this document try to illustrate the usage and property of `field`, more specified, `scalar field`. 

When we rename `scalar_tensor` to `field`, it would be kinds of confusing, because it can not tell us whether it is `scalar field`, `vector field` or `matrix`. How about renaming it from `scalar_tensor` to `scalar_field` IMO? It contains `field`, and are more focused.

Maybe I can do this renaming when this PR are **nearly finished**. otherwise it will cause a too big changeset to be reviewed.

Reviewer 2: I am more with `scalar_field` as well. :>

Author: > I am more with `scalar_field` as well. :>

Yes, let's discuss it together further more. ;-)

Accessing components
--------------------

As global vector fields
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++
.. attribute:: a[p, q, ...][i]

>     :parameter a: (Vector field) the vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector.field) the vector
```
Let's be direct.

.. function:: a.norm(eps = 0)

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)

Reviewer 2: Hi Xudong,

I don't think the input here can be the whole field (please see the screenshot as an example). 'a' still has to be each entry of the vector field so it's a vector, and the modification here is not needed right?

Similar suggestions for functions like 'dot' and 'cross' later.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48085697/88769836-82abca80-d1af-11ea-905b-1cd6458d6f9f.png)

```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
```

Author: Thanks for this reminder! It's fully my fault, I will test these functions tonight and give a feedback :D

Reviewer 2: Sure, I have tested on my laptop. But it's always good to make sure.

Actually, I am wondering if these operations can actually be done field-wisely in the future, which sounds convenient. I.E. normalized the whole vector field, or get the norm of the whole (force) field. What would you think? @archibate

.. function:: a.norm_sqr()

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
```

.. function:: a.normalized()

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)
>     :return: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field) the normalized / unit vector of ``a``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
    :return: (ti.Vector) the normalized / unit vector of ``a``
```

.. function:: a.dot(b)

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)
>     :parameter b: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
    :parameter b: (ti.Vector)
```

.. function:: a.cross(b)

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field, 2 or 3 components)
>     :parameter b: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field of the same size as a)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector, 2 or 3 components)
    :parameter b: (ti.Vector of the same size as a)
```

.. function:: a.outer_product(b)

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)
>     :parameter b: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)
>     :return: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the outer product of ``a`` and ``b``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
    :parameter b: (ti.Vector)
    :return: (ti.Matrix) the outer product of ``a`` and ``b``
```

.. function:: a.cast(dt)

>     :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48085697/88771830-60677c00-d1b2-11ea-82a0-bc255fd8a7f2.png)

```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
```

    :parameter dt: (DataType)

>     :return: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field) vector with all components of ``a`` casted into type ``dt``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :return: (ti.Vector) vector with all components of ``a`` casted into type ``dt``
```

.. attribute:: a.n

>    :parameter a: (Vector)

Author: ```suggestions
   :parameter a: (ti.Vector)
```

>    :parameter a: (ti.Vector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :parameter a: (ti.Vector or ti.Vector.field)
```
This works on vector fields, however..

>    :parameter a: (Vector or Vector field)

Reviewer: ditto.

>    :parameter a: (Vector or Vector field)

Reviewer 2: Please see below screenshot

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48085697/88771411-cacbec80-d1b1-11ea-9437-30f5f0617f7a.png)

```suggestion
   :parameter a: (Vector)
```
